An ensure runs when no rescue clause of its begin matches

    def go
      raise TypeError, "t"
    rescue ArgumentError
      puts "not reached"
    ensure
      puts "ensure"
    end

never printed "ensure": the exception went on and the ensure body was
skipped, so a lock stayed held and a file stayed open. `exit` inside a
begin with a bare rescue skipped it the same way. A begin with an ensure
and no rescue was right, and so was a clause that matched.

Such a begin has one frame. On landing the clauses run with that frame
popped, and the arm for no match raised again at once: a jump to the
enclosing frame, past the ensure. That arm now stores the exception as
the begin with no rescue does and falls into the ensure, which raises it
again after its body. What the clauses let through still leaves by that
raise and not by the short way to an enclosing ensure, which would pass
the rescue clauses around this begin.

One shape was right only because that arm went past the ensure:

    begin
      begin
        $m.synchronize { raise IOError, "in" }
      rescue ArgumentError
      end
    rescue ArgumentError
    ensure
      log << "ensure "
    end

A synchronize block, and the block of select! and its siblings, emit an
ensure region of their own, for the unlock and for the array's repair.
Inside a begin's ensure region they handed the exception straight to
that ensure and popped one frame. With a begin between the two, the
frame popped was that begin's, and the outer frame, still armed, caught
the re-raise after the ensure body. There the arm for no match left
without the body; now it would run the body a second time. So the two
regions take the rule emit_begin's own tail has: through
emit_ensure_exc_block_out they raise the exception again when a frame
stands between, and the begin between sees it. With a clause there that
matches, it is rescued, where before the body ran twice and the
exception left the method. EnsureCtx gains `live`, cleared when the
region's body is done: in a rescue or else clause of the outer begin no
frame of it is armed, a re-raise would leave without the ensure body,
and the exception is handed over as it was.

Nothing is added on the path with no exception, and a begin that lacks
either clause emits the C it did.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Code <noreply@anthropic.com>
