An exception leaving an inner ensure reaches the rescue around it

An ensure region whose body is done passes the exception it holds to
the ensure region around it, unless a begin with a rescue lies between
the two: then it raises the exception again, for that rescue. The
begin whose body the inner region is a statement of was not counted:
the frame of its body serves its rescue clauses and its ensure both,
so no frame lies between. So

    def go
      begin
        begin
          raise TypeError, "deep"
        rescue ArgumentError
          puts "not reached"
        ensure
          puts "ensure 1"
        end
      rescue TypeError
        puts "rescued"
      ensure
        puts "ensure 2"
      end
    end

prints `ensure 1`, `ensure 2` and dies of the TypeError: the outer
clauses are never offered it. The same with no rescue on the inner
begin.

A begin with rescue clauses now marks its ensure region while its
body is emitted (EnsureCtx.rescued), and an inner region that finds
the mark raises the exception again into the body's frame. The
clauses are offered it there, and the ensure runs after them, taken
or not.

The exception is still handed on past the clauses where one of their
tests could take an exception CRuby's would decline, since the
hand-on is right for those (rescue_offers): where the program as
written may give a class a `===` of its own, which a clause's test
never calls (an_prog_never_gives); and, in a list with a bare clause,
for a class the runtime does not know for a StandardError, which the
bare clause's test takes.

It is handed on, too, where the raise would change it. A landing
gives an exception that has no cause the one being handled, or the
one in flight through an ensure body; the hand-on never did, and
`cause: nil` asks for none. So the exception is raised again only if
it has a cause already, or if nothing is handled and nothing is in
flight: the two values the runtime's raise reads. One that has no
cause while another exception is handled is handed on as before.

That test sits inside the one already made of the held exception, so
the path with no exception runs no new statement. gcc counts that
path equal to the instruction. clang counts it equal in seven of
eight programs and three instructions a pass more in the eighth: it
assigns the registers of the function anew for any text at that
place. An exception that leaves an inner ensure for a begin whose
clauses do not take it now pays for their tests, one for each class
they name, as one raised in that body does.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Code <noreply@anthropic.com>
