A call no method answers runs its arguments on a typed receiver too

    def tick = (puts "tick"; 1)
    begin
      5.zork(k: tick)
    rescue NoMethodError => e
      puts e.message
    end

printed the message alone where CRuby prints "tick" first. A boxed
receiver binds such a call's arguments ahead of the raise, so they
run. A receiver of one known class (an Integer, a String, a Symbol,
an Array, an object, nil) raised without running them when one was a
splat, a keyword argument, a double splat or a String key; and so did
a boxed receiver for an argument that binding leaves to the call,
such as a splat of a method that always raises, which lost its own
error to the NoMethodError.

emit_unresolved_call stages a call's arguments into the error
(NoMethodError#args) only when all of them are plain: "a
splat/block/kwarg shape keeps the plain message". The arguments of
any other call were not emitted at all. They are now emitted for
their effect after the receiver, in CRuby's order, where every one
of them is of a listed shape. A call with an argument of any other
shape keeps the C it had.

The list is short because an argument that was never emitted may be
one the compiler refuses, or one it compiles to something that does
not answer as CRuby does, and a program that never reached it was
right: `5.zork(k: (U = 7))` builds and raises NoMethodError, and
goes on doing so. The same holds for a method that only such an
argument calls: it may never have run. Listed are:

- what has nothing to run: a literal, a read of a variable, an Array
  or Hash literal of those;
- a plain write of a local, an instance variable or a global of the
  program's own, from a variable, a literal or a listed call;
- a call, written in top-level code, that is sure to reach a
  top-level method which is sure to do what CRuby does. It has no
  receiver and no block; inference binds it to the one method of
  that name; that method is defined by a top-level statement above
  the call in the same file, takes exactly that many plain
  parameters, does not yield, and is named by no builtin and by no
  Symbol or String of the program (an undef, an alias, a send); it
  is given variables, literals or such calls. And the method's body
  does nothing but read variables and literals, write a local or a
  global of the program's own, print a text or an Integer that
  cannot be nil (puts, print, p), raise a builtin error with such a
  text, and call methods that are listed themselves;

inside parentheses, an Array or Hash literal, a splat, a keyword
argument or the block argument. In a method or a class body self may
be an object with a method of that name of its own, so a call there
is not listed; nor is one in a program that evaluates a block as
another object's (instance_eval and its kin, define_method, a
Class.new body), extends an object, has a BEGIN block or names
BasicObject. A body that prints or raises is not listed in a program
that defines a method named puts, print, p, raise, exception, write,
to_s or inspect, has a Symbol of one of those names, aliases a
global, or names $stdout, $>, STDOUT or an output separator.

Only the calls and writes inside a listed argument are emitted: the
Array, the Hash or the splat around them is not built. What one
hoists ahead of its statement is written where the argument goes, so
it too runs after the receiver and after the arguments before it.
What a dispatch has run into a temporary already, an argument or a
literal or a call inside one, is not run a second time.

A receiver read from a variable is the object the variable held
before the arguments ran: `t = 5; t.zork(k: (t = 7))` raises for 5.
The error is staged after the arguments, so where one of them can
rebind what the receiver reads, the receiver is boxed into a rooted
temp ahead of them, with its nil test, as a boxed receiver is.
read_rebound_by answers that for a variable and for the variables an
Array or Hash literal reads. It does not answer for a constant, so
one is held wherever an argument calls a method. Where nothing can
rebind it, the receiver is read as it was.

A call whose arguments have nothing to run compiles to the C it did,
as does a call with plain arguments and every call that is answered.

Not here: NoMethodError#args of a call with a splat or a keyword
argument is nil as before, and a block argument that is a call's only
argument (`5.zork(&mk)`) is still not run. An argument of a shape
outside the list is not run either, as before: one that calls a
method on a receiver (`@s.zork(k: (@s << "x"))`), any call written
in a method, an operator, a multiple assignment, a call of a method
that does more than the list allows (one that calls a proc, builds
an Array, adds two numbers).

Nor here, as on master: a call with plain arguments reads its
receiver in the C call that boxes them, so `t.zork(t = 7)` raises for
7 with gcc and for 5 with clang.

Test: test/nomethod_runs_its_arguments.rb.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Code <noreply@anthropic.com>
